Add `/relay_tx` endpoint (#1050)
entropyxyz/entropy-core: CHANGELOG.md

  pallet. The genesis build config was also removed. Additionally, the `new/user/` HTTP endpoint in
  the TSS was removed since it was no longer necessary.
- In [#1045](https://github.com/entropyxyz/entropy-core/pull/1045), `ProgramsInfo` now takes `version_number` to maintain backwards compatibility if programs runtime is updated
- In [#1050](https://github.com/entropyxyz/entropy-core/pull/1050), the flow for signing has changed. 

> A user now sends their request to a validator that is not a signer. This will act as a realyer. 

Author: the second one is def correct, as you def can't talk straight to a signer anymore

> A user now sends their request to a validator that is not a signer. This will act as a realyer. 

Reviewer: got it!

> A user now sends their request to any validator that is not a siger. This will act as a realyer. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A user now sends their request to any validator that is not a signer. This will act as a relayer. 
```

Reviewer 2: Could also say that the endpoint for submitting user signature requests has changed to `user/relay_tx`
